Update IaC Security configuration documentation (#36468)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/guides/configuration.md

- link: /security/code_security/software_composition_analysis/configuration/
  tag: Documentation
  text: Software Composition Analysis (SCA) Configuration
- link: /security/code_security/iac_security/configuration/
  tag: Documentation
  text: Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Security Configuration
---

Datadog Code Security can be configured in Datadog, in a file at the root of your repository, or in both locations.

## Configuration schema

> The configuration file must begin with `schema-version: v1.0`, `schema-version: v1.1`, or `schema-version: v1.2`, followed by top-level keys for each product you want to configure. Use `v1.1` to enable SCA support and `v1.2` to enable IaC Security support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file must begin with a `schema-version` key, followed by top-level keys for each product you want to configure. Use the schema version that matches the products you want to configure:

| Schema version | Supported products      |
|----------------|-------------------------|
| v1.0           | SAST                    |
| v1.1           | SAST, SCA               |
| v1.2           | SAST, SCA, IaC Security |

The following example shows the top-level structure:
```
